

Morocco sahara desert retreat 

through an unique sahara Desert experience in Morocco will help you to bring out the hidden treasure of your inner self.your journey beginning from the charming Marrakech, passing from the anti-and high atlas Mountains, visiting the historical Kasbahs and staying multi-days in a nice Tented camp in Erg Chegaga Dunes , where you will return you home inspired and transformed. Join us for one of the once lifetime retreat in Morocco. Warmly Welcome !!!

Day 1 : arrival to Marrakech

Welcome to Morocco ! You meet your guide in the Airport, he drives you directly to your accommodation, there you will be welcomed with a cup of tea . You will have free time to see some sites in Marrakech, like Majorelle garden, jemaa Elfna square or one of the palaces if the time permits depending which hour you land . 

Overnight in a well-rated Riad (guest house) in the Medina(old city) with your dinner and breakfast included .

Riad Anabel Marrakech if available or similar 

Day 2 : Marrakech to Zagora 

we pick you up from your Marrakech accommadation at  9 am with a private and air-conditioned vehicle then starts your desert tour by heading towards the high atlas and crossing Tizi n’tichka Pass 2260m (7417ft)with having a couple of stops for panoramic photos and refreshments.we follow the one thousand kasbahs road via ounila valley until we arrive to the Kasbah of teloute,an ancient gathering of trade caravans coming from the large sahara desert and The well-preserved Kasbah Of Ait ben Haddou-UNSECO world Heritage Site-besides, an extraordinary ensemble of buildings offering a complete pre-saharan earthen construction techniques.
We take a break to have lunch in Ait ben Haddou Site ,we continue our journey crossing anti-atlas mountains and Ourazazate city or the hollywood of Africa .arriving to Zagora ,which is a small town amid date palmtree groves,you spend the overnight there in one of well-selected accommadation with evening and morning meals included, we propose Riad dar Soufiane in Zagora. 

Day 3 : Zagora to Chegaga dunes 

After having your breakfast,we continue our journey into the sahara desert passing by the palmtree oases alongside the draa valley bank, then tamegroute town to visit the historical quranic library with four thousands scripts, afterward the green pottery Fabrication to see how locals make pottery by hands .

We head south to arrive to the last village before  the sahara desert starts,Mhamid village.having finished your lunch in Mhamid,we drive on a beaten track for two hours to get to our Erg Chegaga desert camp with having couple of stops in various desert spots.
When getting to the camp, you will be welcomed with a cup of tea and cockies.a moment not to be missed during your stay in the camp is the sunset atop chegaga dunes.your overnight will be spent in the camp serving you with locally-cooked meals,the night will be animated with traditional songs by drums and castanets around the fire place,sleep in nomadic tents or perhaps stargazing under fascinating starry sky. 
we suggest Camp Al koutban in Erg Chegaga dunes. 


Day 4 : In the camp for your yoga practice

It is a relaxing Day ! We will arrange for you the place, where your yoga Trainer teaches you what you come for whether in the camp itself or somewhere amid the dunes. 

Your meals you order them anytime you want, Concerning drinks also , orange juice, cafe, tea or water, are available for you anytime. 

Today, you will have a camel ride to the highest dunes of Chegaga 350 M to see how amazingly the sun sets down. 

Overnight in Camp Al koutban 

Day 5 : a day trip to nomadic families 

Having had your breakfast in the camp, finishing your yoga practices for the Morning with your trainer . 

We depart toward the last generation of berber nomads, who are still maintaining this kind of life style that seems to be partially disappearing, supplying  some families with daily needed staff if we find them, because nomads move from a place to another looking for the grass. (if you want to bring some supplies to nomads you can). 

We will join a scared oasis in the midde of nowhere, nearby there is a berber family,will host us to see how they prepare bread under the hot sands with with a possibility to have lunch with them. 

After lunch, you can have a nap then going back to the camp in the afternoon. It will be the time to do some yoga exersices with your teacher. 

Overnight in the camp 

Day 6 : in the camp with a moroccan cooking class 

As usual, you will have your breakfast in an open air space or inside the Restaurant tent, after finishing your yoga practices. Our camp cook offers you a traditionally moroccan cooking class, how to make a tasty Tajine with vegetables and also Mint tea. 

You have free time to do so like reading,... after having Lunch, napping a little then we take you in the middle of the Desert to have another practice before the sun sets down. Come back to the camp after the sunset. 

Overnight in the camp with animation of nomads 


Day 7 : Chegaga to Marrakech

having your breakfast, today we drive almost 90KM to get to the first village after the Sahara desert. We will stop in the national Iriki Lake,which was  full of water years ago before it becomes dry, then the fossil site collecting small pieces if interested .afterward,we arrive to the first village Foum Zgid -a small town situated in the edge of anti-atlas mountains with a possibility to have a cup of tea or orange juice there.we continue driving to Marrakech passing by Taznakhte village or the kingdom of weaving berber carpets .you have your lunch in the midway with having a couple of stops for photos and refreshments. Your arrival to Marrakech will be on the evening time.

Day 8 : Marrakech 

After your breakfast spending any free time before your flight , try to catch up on things you may have missed in Marrakech earlier. The driver will drop you in the airport before your departure time. Our moroccan yoga retreat ends here. 

The price :

The Price is based on How many participant in the tour 


What is Included :

air-conditioned and comfortable four wheel drive vehicule with fuel.

Airport transfers

English-speaking driver/guide 

3 nights in well-selected  hotels 
Riad Anabel Marrakech 
Riad dar Soufian Zagora 

4 nights in a tented camp in Erg Chigaga dunes. 
*Camp al Koutban*

yoga practices by an experienced yoga trainer

Full board During your travel days 

mounment fees 

Camel ride

Soft drinks During your stay 

What is not included :

flight tickets

Tips  



